Move release instructions into script (#1471)
ember-learn/guides-source: MAINTAINERS.md

- Merge permissions on the repository
- Percy dashboard

> 1. Run `npm run release:guides` and follow the instructions.

Reviewer: I think describing what a contributor can expect to see at the end will help.

```suggestion
1. Run `npm run release:guides` and follow the script's instructions. At the end, the script will create a PR for releasing a new version of the Ember Guides.
```

Author: On second read, this isn't completely accurate. It shows the person running the script a URL that they can use to them make the PR, it doesn't make the PR for you.

> 9. In the newly created PR, mention that when it is merged, the person who merges it must update the guides search ASAP, and include a link to this page for instructions. Look at the app in staging, get a review, and merge to `master`. This will trigger an auto deployment.
> 10. Once it is deployed, follow the steps below to get the website search working for your new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the PR, mention that **the person who merges it must update the guides search ASAP**. Add a link to this page for instructions on updating the guides search. Look at the app in staging, get a review, and merge to `master`. This will trigger an auto deployment.
1. Once it is deployed, follow the steps below to get the website search working for your new version.
```

Reviewer: The `Updating the guides search` subsection shows using `yarn`. Can you change the command to use `npm` instead?

Author: Yup, on it!.
